https://github.com/Gerenios/AADInternals.git /opt/AADInternals
https://github.com/JPG0mez/ADCSync.git /opt/ADCSync
https://github.com/fox-it/BloodHound.py.git /opt/BloodHound.py
https://github.com/arch4ngel/BruteLoops.git /opt/BruteLoops
https://github.com/digininja/CeWL.git /opt/CeWL
https://github.com/ly4k/Certipy.git /opt/Certipy
https://github.com/p0dalirius/Coercer.git /opt/Coercer
https://github.com/knavesec/CredMaster.git /opt/CredMaster
https://github.com/clr2of8/DPAT.git /opt/DPAT
https://github.com/dafthack/DomainPasswordSpray.git /opt/DomainPasswordSpray
https://github.com/login-securite/DonPAPI.git /opt/DonPAPI
https://github.com/RedSiege/EyeWitness.git /opt/EyeWitness
https://github.com/optiv/Go365.git /opt/Go365
https://github.com/Dec0ne/KrbRelayUp.git /opt/KrbRelayUp
https://github.com/zyn3rgy/LdapRelayScan.git /opt/LdapRelayScan
https://github.com/dafthack/MFASweep.git /opt/MFASweep
https://github.com/dafthack/MSOLSpray.git /opt/MSOLSpray
https://github.com/dafthack/MailSniper.git /opt/MailSniper
https://github.com/Pennyw0rth/NetExec.git /opt/NetExec
https://github.com/lgandx/PCredz.git /opt/PCredz
https://github.com/dirkjanm/PKINITtools.git /opt/PKINITtools
https://github.com/topotam/PetitPotam.git /opt/PetitPotam
https://github.com/PlumHound/PlumHound.git /opt/PlumHound
https://github.com/NetSPI/PowerUpSQL.git /opt/PowerUpSQL
https://github.com/lgandx/Responder.git /opt/Responder
https://github.com/termuxhackers-id/SIGIT.git /opt/SIGIT
https://github.com/Wh1t3Rh1n0/SQLAutoPwn.git /opt/SQLAutoPwn
https://github.com/MarkoH17/Spray365.git /opt/Spray365
https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/SprayingToolkit.git /opt/SprayingToolkit
https://github.com/Hackndo/WebclientServiceScanner.git /opt/WebclientServiceScanner
https://github.com/zblurx/certsync.git /opt/certsync
https://github.com/theevilbit/ciscot7.git /opt/ciscot7
https://github.com/elceef/dnstwist.git /opt/dnstwist
https://github.com/ImpostorKeanu/eavesarp.git /opt/eavesarp
https://github.com/cddmp/enum4linux-ng.git /opt/enum4linux-ng
https://github.com/ustayready/fireprox.git /opt/fireprox
https://github.com/gitleaks/gitleaks.git /opt/gitleaks
https://github.com/trustedsec/hardcidr.git /opt/hardcidr
https://github.com/fortra/impacket.git /opt/impacket
https://github.com/ropnop/kerbrute.git /opt/kerbrute
https://github.com/dirkjanm/krbrelayx.git /opt/krbrelayx
https://github.com/franc-pentest/ldeep /opt/ldeep
https://github.com/alexandreborges/malwoverview.git /opt/malwoverview
https://github.com/robertdavidgraham/masscan.git /opt/masscan
https://github.com/dirkjanm/mitm6.git /opt/mitm6
https://github.com/0xZDH/o365spray.git /opt/o365spray
https://github.com/arch4ngel/parsuite.git /opt/parsuite
https://github.com/garrettfoster13/pre2k.git /opt/pre2k
https://github.com/p0dalirius/pyLAPS.git /opt/pyLAPS
https://github.com/CiscoCXSecurity/rdp-sec-check.git /opt/rdp-sec-check
https://github.com/garrettfoster13/sccmhunter.git /opt/sccmhunter
https://github.com/mr-pmillz/ssh-audit.git /opt/ssh-audit
https://github.com/drwetter/testssl.sh.git /opt/testssl.sh
https://github.com/trufflesecurity/trufflehog.git /opt/trufflehog
https://github.com/jseidl/usernamer.git /opt/usernamer
https://github.com/drwetter/testssl.sh.git /tmp/testssl.sh
https://github.com/rbsec/sslscan.git /opt/sslscan
https://github.com/anexia-it/winshock-test.git /opt/winshock-test
https://github.com/royhills/ike-scan.git /opt/ike-scan
https://github.com/SpiderLabs/ikeforce.git /opt/ikeforce
https://github.com/wpscanteam/wpscan.git /opt/wpscan
https://github.com/m8r0wn/pymeta.git /opt/pymeta
https://github.com/evilmog/ntlmv1-multi.git /opt/ntlmv1-multi
https://github.com/frostbits-security/SIET.git /opt/SIET
# Needed for GoRecon Modules
https://github.com/drwetter/testssl.sh.git /tmp/testssl.sh
https://github.com/cddmp/enum4linux-ng.git /opt/enum4linux-ng
https://github.com/mr-pmillz/ssh-audit.git /opt/ssh-audit
# New Adds
https://github.com/n0b0dyCN/redis-rogue-server.git /opt/redis-rogue-server
https://github.com/hakluke/hakrevdns.git /opt/hakrevdns
https://github.com/frostbits-security/ccat.git /opt/ccat
https://github.com/trustedsec/SeeYouCM-Thief.git /opt/SeeYouCM-Thief
https://github.com/nyxgeek/onedrive_user_enum.git /opt/onedrive_user_enum
https://github.com/skelsec/CVE-2017-12542.git /opt/CVE-2017-12542
https://github.com/sse-secure-systems/Active-Directory-Spotlights.git /opt/Active-Directory-Spotlights
